EleVee is a premium apartment with a unique blend of urban living, healthy lifestyle and the beauty of nature. It is designed to bring a truly balanced life: allows us to feel the heartbeat of nature and at the same time offers transcendent convenience in our dynamic lives. 
Alam Sutera has over 27 years of experience as the leading and trusted developer in Indonesia. Alam Sutera has built more 20.000 home, town management, commercial districts, industrial areas, shopping centers, leisure centers and hospitality to improve people’s quality of life. 
Wake up to the lush greenery outside of your window, breathe in fresh air produced by thousands of trees in the forest park around you and enjoy complete facilities in the luxury of your own home. 
Penthouse concept in every unit. 
Integrated Smart Home System
High Ceiling – Floor to Ceiling 3,1m
All unit have balcony, utility area and study room
Luxurious design with natural light and good circulation in every unit
Flooring Homogenous Tile 1x1m

Bringing Forest to Your Home
EleVee Penthouses & Residences are designed specifically to meet the needs of long-term family housing, especially for professionals, families, students and all those who crave quality housing in the green area of Alam Sutera.
Specifically designed by Broadway Maylan, a renowned architect consultant from the UK, EleVee Penthouses & Residences has a concept that maximizes exposure to natural light and fresh air.

We have won over 250 awards since 1967
AECC Awards - Best Large Spanish Shopping Centre 2018
FAN Mallorca, Mallorca, Spain
Sapa Awards - Best Hotel Refurbishment 2018
Tivoli Carvoeiro, Algarve, Portugal
Inspiring Learning Spaces 2018: - Education Estates Awards
Coventry University, Alison Gingell Building, Coventry, UK
New Projects Category 2019 - Housing Design Awards
Walton Court, Walton-on-Thames
Health and Life Sciences Buildings 2019 - S-Lab Awards
Coventry University, Alison Gingell Building, Coventry, UK
Best Large Development 2019 - Evening Standard Homes and Property Awards
Fulham Reach, London, UK

Informasi ini diterbitkan hanya untuk memberi gambaran secara umum. Kami berupaya menyediakan data seakurat dan selengkap mungkin dengan melakukan riset dari berbagai sumber. Bagi developer yang ingin menyediakan informasi terbaru seputar properti ini, bisa menghubungi kontak yang tercantum.
